well howdy there internet people it's bo
again
kind of a tense day isn't it
everybody's watching on tv on the
internet
all eyes are looking to one city
and we're all watching as they make
preparations plywood going up
everybody's getting ready for what is
expected to occur
see we don't actually know the outcome
of the broader taylor case right now no
clue what's going to happen in
louisville
but one indictment has already been
handed down
the people in that city are expecting
to see an injustice they're expecting to
see an injustice so extreme
that it provokes a reaction from the
citizens
that's the story that is the story
it's not that people are putting up
plywood it looks like they're getting
ready for hurricane
it's that businesses feel it's necessary
and you may think it's necessary well
they have to protect themselves
sure but that's not the story
the story is that the expectation
is to see an injustice the story
is that what people think is going to
happen
is an injustice so extreme that people
take to the streets
that's the expectation and even if you
think
well it might happen it's likely to
happen
any of these things that's an indictment
that is an indictment of the entire
criminal justice system
when incidents like this occur when
things like this happen
it stresses the very idea that the
united states has consent of the
governed
because they may not and this is
happening on a very frequent basis
because we
don't have any accountability any real
accountability
we investigated ourselves and found we
did nothing wrong
those pieces of plywood up over those
windows
the barricades put out by law
enforcement in advance
yeah it's preparation and it might be
necessary we don't know yet
but that preparation is an indictment
not just do people think it might happen
they're they're so convinced that it's
going to they're getting ready
for the inevitable outcome
liberty and justice for all right
guess not we don't even expect it
anymore
the expectation is that something else
will happen
the expectation is that the government
will visit
an injustice upon the people so severe
that it prompts a reaction
i don't know how long
a country can suffer that to be honest
when the justice system in the country
comes into question as this one has
either reforms get made
or the country fails
yeah we don't know what's going to
happen in that case
but there's already been an indictment
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day